c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\bin\x86\Debug\MegaApiClient.dll
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\bin\x86\Debug\MegaApiClient.pdb
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\bin\x86\Debug\MegaApiClient.pri
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\MegaLib.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\MegaLib.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\MegaApiClient.dll
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\MegaApiClient.pdb
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\unfiltered.layout.resfiles
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\unfiltered.layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\filtered.layout.resfiles
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\filtered.layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\excluded.layout.resfiles
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\excluded.layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\Users\mediaexplorer\source\repos\MegaLib 1.0 Alpha\MegaLib\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
